Update based on testing (#682)
aerogear/mobile-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/showcase-apps/service-setup.adoc

+
For more information about features, see xref:identity-management.adoc[{keycloak-service} Service]

. To demonstrate {unifiedpush-service}, xref:push-notifications.adoc#provisioning-push-notifications-service[Provision the {unifiedpush-service} service]. For more information about features, see xref:push-notifications.adoc[{unifiedpush-service} Service]

> 

Reviewer: There's still an upstream restriction here,
NOTE: You can only demonstrate {sync-service} if you are building a JavaScript app

@wtrocki am i correct in this?

Author: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/15461598bc02a084758e5362f9a72b12863a913e

== Demonstrate the {sync-service}

> . Provision a PostgreSQL database if there is none available.

Reviewer 2: This stuff is outdated and guides for apb. We have now templates that provision postgres automatically. While this is still valid it makes no sense to improve it as instructions for GA will be different

Author: ```suggestion
. Ensure a PostgreSQL database is available so that you can connect to it at a later stage.
```

. Provision a new {sync-service} app from the catalog as described in xref:data-sync.adoc#sync-server-openshift[Running Data Sync in OpenShift] with the following parameters:
+
[options="header"]
+
|====
|Field|Value
|Sync Application Name| syncshowcase
|Sync Application Docker image| docker.io/aerogear/voyager-server-example-task
|Sync Application Docker image version| latest
|Sync App Port| 4000
|Sync Application metrics endpoint| /metrics
|Sync App GraphQL Endpoint| /graphql
|Database Server Hostname| Hostname of the PostgreSQL server, usually *postgresql*
|Database Server Port| Port number of the PostgreSQL server, usually *5432*
|Database Server Username| *Username of the PostgreSQL database connection*
|Database Server Password| *Password of the PostgreSQL database connection*
|Database name| *PostgreSQL database name*
|====
+
. Provision the Mobile Developer Console
.. Click `Browse Catalog` and select `Mobile` -> `Mobile Developer Console`.
.. Complete the wizard to start the deployment of the *Mobile Developer Console*.

[[creating-the-data-sync-mobile-app-binding]]
=== Creating the Data Sync Mobile App binding

[discrete]

> ==== Prerequisites

Reviewer: .Prerequisites 

to avoid the heading, same with procedure etc

+
For more information about features, see xref:identity-management.adoc[{keycloak-service} Service]

. To demonstrate {unifiedpush-service}, xref:push-notifications.adoc#provisioning-push-notifications-service[Provision the {unifiedpush-service} service]. For more information about features, see xref:push-notifications.adoc[{unifiedpush-service} Service]

// tag::excludeDownstream[]

> NOTE: You can only demonstrate {sync-service} on Cordova.

Reviewer: any reason why you're tagging this line~?

[discrete]
.Prerequisites

xref:setting-up-mobile-services-to-demonstrate-showcase-apps[Setting up Mobile Services to Demonstrate Showcase Apps]

[discrete]
.Procedure

. Log in to the Mobile Developer Console by clicking on the Mobile Developer Console link within Openshift.
. Click *Create Mobile App*, and complete the wizard to create a Mobile App.
. Click on the newly created *Mobile App* and click *Mobile Services*.
. The Data Sync provisioned service should be available under the _Unbound Services_ heading. Click *Bind to App* and follow the wizard.
. When the binding completes, click on *configuration*. The configuration for the Data Sync Mobile App is displayed, for example:
+
[source,json]
----
{
	"version": 1,
	"namespace": "voyager",
	"clientId": "voyager-ionic-example",
	"services": [{
		"id": "8565c444-6bed-33e9-8616-0af08791569c",
		"name": "sync-app-syncshowcase-test16",
		"type": "sync-app",
		"url": "https://sync-app-syncshowcase.testbed.com/graphql",
		"config": {
			"websocketUrl": "wss://sync-app-syncshowcasetestbed.com/graphql"
		}
	}]
}

module.exports = config;
----

[[configuring-the-showcase-app-to-point-at-the-provisioned-data-sync-service]]

> === Configuring the Showcase App to point at the provisioned Data Sync service

Reviewer: let's revise this heading, in a quick call?

+
For more information about features, see xref:identity-management.adoc[{keycloak-service} Service]

. To demonstrate {unifiedpush-service}, xref:push-notifications.adoc#provisioning-push-notifications-service[Provision the {unifiedpush-service} service]. For more information about features, see xref:push-notifications.adoc[{unifiedpush-service} Service]

// tag::excludeDownstream[]

NOTE: You can only demonstrate {sync-service} on Cordova.

// end::excludeDownstream[]

> == Demonstrate the {sync-service}

Reviewer: gerund and avoid definitive article

Author: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/5603aac4b52b0bcfd0b0bbe737866d1b653aa7bd

> . Ensure a PostgreSQL database is available so that you can connect to it at a later stage.

Reviewer: rephrase

Author: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/5603aac4b52b0bcfd0b0bbe737866d1b653aa7bd

> .. Login to OpenShift and, create a new project or use an existing project.

Reviewer: weird phrasing

Author: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/5603aac4b52b0bcfd0b0bbe737866d1b653aa7bd

+
NOTE: Record the value for `PostgreSQL Connection Username`, `PostgreSQL Connection Password`, and `PostgreSQL Database Name` as they are required when provisioning {sync-service}.
.. Click `Browse Catalog` and select `Mobile` -> `Data Sync`.
. Provision a new {sync-service} app from the catalog as described in xref:data-sync.adoc#sync-server-openshift[Running Data Sync in OpenShift] with the following parameters:
+
[options="header"]
+
|====
|Field|Value
|Sync Application Name| syncshowcase
|Sync Application Docker image| docker.io/aerogear/voyager-server-example-task
|Sync Application Docker image version| latest
|Sync App Port| 4000
|Sync Application metrics endpoint| /metrics
|Sync App GraphQL Endpoint| /graphql
|Database Server Hostname| Hostname of the PostgreSQL server, usually *postgresql*
|Database Server Port| Port number of the PostgreSQL server, usually *5432*
|Database Server Username| *Username of the PostgreSQL database connection*
|Database Server Password| *Password of the PostgreSQL database connection*
|Database name| *PostgreSQL database name*
|====
+

> . Provision the Mobile Developer Console

Reviewer: why don't we just have a prereq for https://docs.aerogear.org/aerogear/latest/mobile-developer-console.html#provision-mdc ?

Author: IIRC (it's been a while), I think we discussed (generally speaking) separating the showcase app from the services, and this is a consequence of this work. Another example that is part of this PR can be seen here: ["include::../generic-local-mobile-dev-envir-reqs.adoc[] " was replaced with the content within this file.](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/58c32ba8036d4e9192786a449b0e4137f636e176#diff-6548f1cccbdf3e920c68badb77e6ae10L81)

. Click on the newly created *Mobile App* and click *Mobile Services*.
. The Data Sync provisioned service should be available under the _Unbound Services_ heading. Click *Bind to App* and follow the wizard.
. When the binding completes, click on *configuration*. The configuration for the Data Sync Mobile App is displayed, for example:
+
[source,javascript]
----
{
  "version": 1,
  "namespace": "test12",
  "clientId": "test16",
  "services": [
    {
      "id": "8565c444-6bed-33e9-8616-0af08791569c",
      "name": "sync-app-syncshowcase-test16",
      "type": "sync-app",
      "url": "https://sync-app-syncshowcase.testbed.com/graphql",
      "config": {
        "websocketUrl": "wss://sync-app-syncshowcasetestbed.com/graphql"
      }
    }
  ]
}

module.exports = config;
----

[[configuring-the-showcase-app-to-point-at-the-provisioned-data-sync-service]]
=== Configuring the Showcase App to point at the provisioned Data Sync service

[discrete]
.Prerequisites

xref:creating-the-data-sync-mobile-app-binding[Creating the Data Sync Mobile App binding]

[discrete]
.Procedure

1. Clone the showcase app
+
include::../cloning-showcase-app.adoc[]
+

> 2. Incorporate the Data Sync Mobile App code into the *mobile-services.js* file located within _src_:

Reviewer 3: This was changed and ionic-showcase app is [now using `mobile-services.json`](https://github.com/aerogear/ionic-showcase/blob/master/src/mobile-services.json) as a configuration file

Author: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/5603aac4b52b0bcfd0b0bbe737866d1b653aa7bd

+
[source,javascript]
----
let config = {
  "version": 1,
  "namespace": "test12",
  "clientId": "test16",
  "services": [
    {
    "id": "8565c444-6bed-33e9-8616-0af08791569c",
    "name": "sync-app-syncshowcase-test16",
    "type": "sync-app",
    "url": "https://sync-app-syncshowcase.testbed.com/graphql",
    "config": {
      "websocketUrl": "wss://sync-app-syncshowcasetestbed.com/graphql"
      }
}
  ]
};

module.exports = config;

> ----

Reviewer 3: Sorry, the change of the file type also affects the content of a file a little bit. See the [mobile-services.json example](https://github.com/aerogear/ionic-showcase/blob/master/src/mobile-services.json)

Author: Hi @psturc - does this address your comment: https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/17d900f90da560b5a188728ed4a427162d898926 ?

Reviewer 3: I meant to rewrite [this JS example](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/files#diff-6548f1cccbdf3e920c68badb77e6ae10R137) to JSON, which means to remove the JS-specific stuff from the example, i.e. removing the variable `let config`, `module.exports = config;` etc.

Author: Ah, ok. @wtrocki - can you help me out with this - the javascript code below requires conversion to json (if you do this in a PR, it would be awesome!!! ): 

[source,javascript]
----
{
  "version": 1,
  "namespace": "test12",
  "clientId": "test16",
  "services": [
    {
      "id": "8565c444-6bed-33e9-8616-0af08791569c",
      "name": "sync-app-syncshowcase-test16",
      "type": "sync-app",
      "url": "https://sync-app-syncshowcase.testbed.com/graphql",
      "config": {
        "websocketUrl": "wss://sync-app-syncshowcasetestbed.com/graphql"
      }
    }
  ]
}
 module.exports = config;
----

Reviewer 3: @jstaffor oh, sorry, it is actually almost identical: https://gist.github.com/psturc/e30271f9c72aa0980ccdfa706ac94732

Author: Thanks @psturc -  If you are happy with https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-docs/pull/682/commits/7e440f3d15d1e47ba0c06d531500d76043d7584f , I think we are ready to merge :+1:
